Update knative-kubernetes-services.md (#3131)
knative/docs: docs/serving/knative-kubernetes-services.md

   networking-istio         1         1         1            1           1h
   webhook                  1         1         1            1           1h
   ```
The networking deployment (in our case, `networking-istio`) may be called something 

> different depending on what networking layer you chose to use when [installing Knative](https://knative.dev/docs/install/any-kubernetes-cluster/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
different depending on what networking layer you chose to use when [installing Knative](../install/README.md).
```
Uses a relative path reference

These services and deployments are installed by the `serving.yaml` file during

> install. The next section describes their function. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
install. The next section describes their function.
```
Remove trailing whitespace to make linter happy

The certmanager reconciles cluster ingresses into cert manager objects.

> ### Deployment: networking-istio/contour-ingress-controller/etc.

Reviewer: I wonder if this could be a generic title such as `Networking Layer` and all the supported networking layer deployment names could be included in a table

> The networking layer deployment (eg. networking-istio, contour-ingress-controller, etc.) reconciles a cluster’s ingress into the appropriate networking layer primitives. In the example shown above, we've chosen to use Istio (which reconciles into a [Istio Virtual Service](https://istio.io/latest/docs/reference/config/networking/virtual-service/), but any networking layer deployment will do.

Reviewer: nit: The last snippet `, but any networking layer deployment will do` could be dropped as the operator doesn't choose the networking layer deployment but chooses a networking layer.
